# COS375 Project 3

### Group

- Kenzy Elshazly - ke1995: ke1995@princeton.edu
- Daniel Jung - wj8091: wj8091@princeton.edu
- Max Gonzalez Saez-Diez - saezdiez: saezdiez@princeton.edu
- Kayla Waitman - kw2689: kwaitman@princeton.edu

## Time Investment

### Approximately how many hours did it take you to complete this assignment?

- Number of hours: 45

### How many additional test cases did you write to test your implementation?

- Number of test cases: 20 (but some came from Ed)

## Challenges Encountered

### Did you encounter any serious problems? If yes, please describe (e.g spec was unclear).

- No

## Additional Comments

### Write any other comments here.

- [comment_1]
- [comment_2]

## Help Information

## Generative AI.

- If you used generative AI for help with this project, please describe what how you used it.
- Also describe how you tested any generated code/designs for correctness, and your rationale for its completeness.
- Write "N/A" if you did not use generative AI for any help during this project.


- [describe the code generated by gen AI here or N/A]
- [describe how that code was tested, if applicable]

## Acknowledgement of Original Work

### Write and sign the following student acknowledgment of original work.

> For your signature, type /s/, followed by your name.
> 
> Here is an example:
>
>> This programming assignment represents my own work in accordance with University regulations and the course syllabus.  /s/ Ada Lovelace

- This programming assignment represents my own work in accordance with University regulations and the course syllabus.  /s/ 
- This programming assignment represents my own work in accordance with University regulations and the course syllabus.  /s/ 
- This programming assignment represents my own work in accordance with University regulations and the course syllabus.  /s/ 
- This programming assignment represents my own work in accordance with University regulations and the course syllabus.  /s/ Kayla Waitman
